JP-3566 Move pixel replace before resample/cube build (#8409)
spacetelescope/jwst: CHANGES.rst

- Removed unused ``scale_detection`` argument from ``calwebb_tso3``
  pipeline. [#8438]

pixel_replace
-------------

> - Moved pixel_replace in calwebb_spec2 and calwebb_spec3 to be immediately
>   before resample_spec/cube_build. [#8409]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moved pixel_replace in the calwebb_spec2 pipeline and added it to the calwebb_spec3
  pipeline. In both pipelines it is now executed immediately before resample_spec/cube_build. [#8409]
```
